Added Depth chapter (#130)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Guide: chapters/depth.md

> Note: While stencil is closely related depth, this chapter does not aim to cover it outside the realm of API names

- [Graphics Pipeline](#graphics-pipeline)
- [Formats](#formats)
- [Depth Buffer as a VkImage](#depth-buffer-as-a-vkimage)
  * [Layout](#layout)
  * [Clearing](#clearing)
- [Pre-rasterization](#pre-rasterization)
  * [Primitive Clipping](#primitive-clipping)
    + [User defined clipping and culling](#user-defined-clipping-and-culling)
    + [Porting from OpenGL](#porting-from-opengl)
  * [Viewport Transformation](#viewport-transformation)
    + [Depth Range](#depth-range)
- [Rasterization](#rasterization)
  * [Depth Bias](#depth-bias)
- [Post-rasterization](#post-rasterization)
  * [Fragment Shader](#fragment-shader)
    + [Conservative depth](#conservative-depth)
  * [Per-sample processing and coverage mask](#per-sample-processing-and-coverage-mask)
    + [Resolving depth buffer](#resolving-depth-buffer)
  * [Depth Bounds](#depth-bounds)
  * [Depth Test](#depth-test)
    + [Depth Compare Operation](#depth-compare-operation)
    + [Depth Buffer Writes](#depth-buffer-writes)
    + [Depth Clamping](#depth-clamping)

# Graphics Pipeline

> The concept of "depth" is only used for [graphics pipelines](./what_vulkan_can_do.md) in Vulkan and doesn't take effect until a draw call is submitted.

Reviewer: It seems strange to say a "concept" "takes effect". It's also not really true that depth doesn't apply before draw calls - the depth buffer can be cleared for example.

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
The concept of "depth" is only used for [graphics pipelines](./what_vulkan_can_do.md) in Vulkan. Depth operations are only take place after a draw call is submitted.
```

Inside the `VkGraphicsPipelineCreateInfo` there are many different values related to `depth` that can be controlled. Some states are even [dynamic](dynamic_state.md) as well.

# Formats

> There are a few different depth formats and an implementation may expose support for in Vulkan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few different depth formats an implementation may expose support for in Vulkan.
```

- VK_IMAGE_LAYOUT_**DEPTH_ATTACHMENT**_OPTIMAL

as well as layouts that allow for **only** reading to the image:
- VK_IMAGE_LAYOUT_**DEPTH**\_STENCIL\_**READ_ONLY**_OPTIMAL
- VK_IMAGE_LAYOUT_**DEPTH_READ_ONLY**_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT_OPTIMAL
- VK_IMAGE_LAYOUT_**DEPTH_READ_ONLY**_OPTIMAL

When doing the layout transition make sure to set the proper depth access masks needed for both reading and writing the depth image.

```c++
// Example of going from undefined layout to a depth attachment to be read and written to

// Core Vulkan example
srcAccessMask = 0;
dstAccessMask = VK_ACCESS_DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT_READ_BIT | VK_ACCESS_DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT_WRITE_BIT;
sourceStage = VK_PIPELINE_STAGE_TOP_OF_PIPE_BIT;
destinationStage = VK_PIPELINE_STAGE_EARLY_FRAGMENT_TESTS_BIT | VK_PIPELINE_STAGE_LATE_FRAGMENT_TESTS_BIT;

// VK_KHR_synchronization2
srcAccessMask = VK_ACCESS_2_NONE_KHR;
dstAccessMask = VK_ACCESS_2_DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT_READ_BIT_KHR | VK_ACCESS_2_DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT_WRITE_BIT_KHR;
sourceStage = VK_PIPELINE_STAGE_2_NONE_KHR;
destinationStage = VK_PIPELINE_STAGE_2_EARLY_FRAGMENT_TESTS_BIT_KHR | VK_PIPELINE_STAGE_2_LATE_FRAGMENT_TESTS_BIT_KHR;
```

> > Note: If unsure to use only early or late fragment tests for your application, use both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If unsure to use only early or late fragment tests as synchronization stages for your application, use both.
```

> Requires the `VkPhysicalDeviceFeatures::depthBiasClamp` feature to be supported otherwise `VkPipelineRasterizationStateCreateInfo::depthBiasClamp` must be `0.0f`.

> Note: The depth bias values can be set [dynamically](dynamic_state.md) using `VK_DYNAMIC_STATE_DEPTH_BIAS` or the `VK_DYNAMIC_STATE_DEPTH_BIAS_ENABLE_EXT` from [VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state2](https://www.khronos.org/registry/vulkan/specs/1.2-extensions/man/html/VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state2.html).

# Post-rasterization

## Fragment Shader

The input built-in `FragCoord` is the framebuffer coordinate. The `Z` component is the interpolated depth value of the primitive. This `Z` component value will be written to `FragDepth` if the shader doesn't write to it. If the shader dynamically writes to `FragDepth`, the `DepthReplacing` Execution Mode must be declared (This is done in tools such as glslang).

> `FragDepth` and `FragCoord` are `gl_FragDepth` and `gl_FragCoord` in GLSL

> Note: When using `OpTypeImage` in SPIR-V the `Depth` operand is ignored in Vulkan

### Conservative depth

> The `DepthGreater`, `DepthLess`, and `DepthUnchanged` Executation Mode allow for a possible optimization for implementations that [relies on an early depth test to be run before the fragment](https://www.khronos.org/registry/OpenGL/extensions/ARB/ARB_conservative_depth.txt). This can be easily done in GLSL by declaring `gl_FragDepth` with the proper layout qualifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DepthGreater`, `DepthLess`, and `DepthUnchanged` Execution Mode allow for a possible optimization for implementations that [relies on an early depth test to be run before the fragment](https://www.khronos.org/registry/OpenGL/extensions/ARB/ARB_conservative_depth.txt). This can be easily done in GLSL by declaring `gl_FragDepth` with the proper layout qualifier.
```
